#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.3.2
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
backoff==1.6.0
    # via posthoganalytics
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via celery
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
celery-redbeat==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via toronado
cssutils==1.0.2
    # via toronado
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via redis
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-deprecate-fields
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-hooks
    #   django-structlog
    #   djangorestframework
django-axes==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-constance==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-deprecate-fields==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==3.0.2
    # via
    #   django-axes
    #   django-structlog
django-loginas==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-hooks @ git+https://github.com/zapier/django-rest-hooks.git@v1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-statsd==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-structlog==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-exceptions-hog
    #   drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-exceptions-hog==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via lzstring
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
kombu==4.6.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lxml==4.6.3
    # via toronado
lzstring==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthoganalytics
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.2
    # via redis
parso==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
posthoganalytics==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via pexpect
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via social-auth-core
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   posthoganalytics
python-statsd==2.1.0
    # via django-statsd
python3-openid==3.1.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
redis==4.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   django-redis
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-hooks
    #   posthoganalytics
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   posthoganalytics
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tenacity
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via django
statshog==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
structlog==21.2.0
    # via django-structlog
tenacity==6.1.0
    # via celery-redbeat
toronado==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
